Create collections article (#818)
MicrosoftDocs/Contribute: Contribute/content/collections.md

1. Navigate to the Microsoft Learn content you want to add to a collection. Look for the **+Add** or **+** button. For examples of how this button appears for various content types, see Step 2 in [Create a collection from a Microsoft Learn item](#create-a-collection-from-a-microsoft-learn-item).
1. The *Add to a collection* pop-up box appears. Select the collection(s) you'd like to add the content to.
1. Select **Save**.

    :::image type="content" source="media/collections/add-to-collection.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the add to a collection window.":::

### Rearrange content

When you add content to a collection, it's added to the bottom of the list. You can reorder content by using the **up/down** arrows on the content item, moving it one space at a time. Wait until each individual move interaction completes before selecting the **up/down** arrows again. We're working to improve this experience.

### Delete content

To delete content within a collection, select the **trash can** icon on the content item. A pop-up appears alerting you that the content will be permanently deleted. Select **Yes, delete** to delete the content.

## Add and manage sections

> Once you've saved content to your collection, you can add sections to the collection to make it easier to navigate. You can add as many sections as you need. You can also move content items between sections, and you can [rearrange sections](#rearrange-sections) within the collection. And if your organizational needs change, you can [delete sections](#delete-sections) from the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've saved content to your collection, you can add sections to the collection to make it easier to navigate. You can add as many sections as you need. You can also move content items between sections, and you can [rearrange sections](#rearrange-sections) within the collection. And if you need to reorganize, you can [delete sections](#delete-sections) from the collection.
```
